Replace preamble usage with system instruction/messages (#550)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/models/the-command-family-of-models/command-r-plus.mdx

With the release, both models include the following feature improvements:
- For tool use, Command R and Command R+ have demonstrated improved decision-making around whether or not to use a tool.

> - The updated models are better able to follow instructions included by the user in the system message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The updated models are better able to follow instructions included in the request's system message.
```
